=pod

=head1 NAME

Common::Util version 0.01 - A collection of modules which provide some
useful functionality for common applications cases

=head1 DESCRIPTION

As mentioned above this is a collection containing modules which provide
functionality which is often used in several application cases. Indeed,
Perl offers many ways to get (complex) things done in just one line of
code, but this one line could be "hard" to type. Therefore the provided
routines should give an eased possibility to write code in perl. By now
following modules are implemented, providing functionality in their own
field of application:

=over 4

=item Common::Util::Array

Provides some useful functionality concerning arrays, such as C<index_of> a
value.

=item Common::Util::File

Implements often used routines, such as C<read_directory>, and extends the
C<chomp>-built-in for example.

=item Common::Util::Hash

Like C<Common::Util::Array> this module provides some little helpers for
handling hashes, like C<key_of>.

=item Common::Util::Scalar

Provides some scalar-related utilities, handling strings and numbers.

=back

The purpose of the C<Common::Util>-module is the eased access to all its
submodules, preventing the user to C<use> all submodules individually.

=head1 INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2012 by 8ware

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.2 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
